- Previously
on "Vanderpump Rules"...
- I want you guys
to come with me
to a place called Solvang.
- Let us just sip wine and...
- You're gonna sip wine?
- No, but I'll sniff it.
Randall and I
made the pact that
we should probably
stop drinking.
- We on the P.J., bitches,
and none of us paid for it!
all: Whoo!
- Hey, guys.
- Oh, my God, what is that?
- It's the alcohol
freezing machine.
- That does not fit
into my designs.
- I've been sort of confused
as to what my role is.
- I'm gonna bring a bunch
of girls to your room
and just,
like, you know, party up.
- Whoo!
- Do not even talk
to those girls,
or your dick's cut off.
- It's a guys' night, Peter.
- Tell them
to go the (BLEEP) home.
- Here we go.
Here we go. Here we go.
- I just think Carter's,
like, not good for her.
- He doesn't pay for anything.
He doesn't pay rent.
He literally does nothing.
Nothing.
- Carter's ----ing texting me
from boys' night.
- Sit your ass ----ing down
right now and talk about it.
- Okay.
- Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
- Wow, here we go.
- ♪ You know that
it's our time ♪
♪ These are the best days
of our lives ♪
♪ Just raise
your glasses high ♪
♪ This one's for you tonight ♪
- ♪ I've got nothing
to say to you ♪
♪ Say to you ♪
♪ There is nothing
that I can do ♪
♪ I can do ♪
♪ I've got nothing
to say to you ♪
♪ Say to you ♪
♪ There is nothing
that I can do ♪
♪ I can do ♪
- Hi.
-  Hi.
- You okay?
- I love you too, dude,
but last night
was a little crazy.
- Yeah.
- I do love you, remember,
but this sh-- can't happen.
- Of course I do.
Um...
You sleep in Stassi's room?
- No, I--she didn't have
an extra bed.
- Oh.
- And I--all I had was this
Sur dress in my...
- Last night,
Kristen lost her goddamn mind.
She was knocking
on people's doors,
trying to get cigarettes,
wouldn't go to sleep,
threatening to leave
in the middle of the night.
It was a ----ing sh-- show.
I want you to just chill.
- I need to figure out
how to stop
freaking the (BLEEP) out
every time 'cause...
- So is that what this
was about last night?
'Cause you just
kept saying, like,
Carter was saying
something to you.
- That James came last night.
Carter's texting me
about the boys' thing.
- Why are you doing this
to yourself?
- He's telling me what
I'm supposed to do.
- Kristen claims that
her meltdown was all about
James being at the Mondrian
with the guys,
but I know Kristen better.
She hasn't been happy in
her relationship with Carter.
- I'm the only one
who's feeling this way,
you know what I mean?
- You're the only one
feeling that way.
You're the only one
acting this way.
Drinking sucks
when you get older.
- I thought staycations
were supposed to be fun
and guilt-free.
Do you want to hang
by the pool?
- I do, but I'm scared
to walk to the door,
let alone the pool...
I remember my heydays
where can go out all night,
long multiple days,
and just keep going
and going and going.
Is this strong?
- That's supposed to be
for everybody.
- (BLEEP), that'll do.
And I'm drinking a quarter
of what I used to drink.
This is too--I'm sick as a dog.
- Good for Peter.
I think he hooked up
with that chick last night.
- I did not feel
comfortable about that.
- Really?
- You don't bring girls
up to the room.
Like, that's bad.
- We didn't bring them up here.
- I just didn't feel right
having girls up here.
I just didn't,
and Beau felt the same way.
- I agree with you.
- He was like,
"This is not right."
I mean, let's call the girls
and just let them know.
- Okay, yes, but also--
- It's a lot better to tell
them than them finding out.
- It's pretty refreshing
to see Jax be remorseful.
Now, Jax five years ago,
he probably'd be just moving in
with one of them
about a week later.
You know, they're getting
a new puppy,
and, you know, they just had
their first pregnancy scare.
But doesn't it feel good to
have zero temptation anymore?
Like, just to be in love with
the person you're with and--
- Of course, but I also
don't want to be put
in situations where--like that.
- Yeah.
- What a gorgeous day
for a girls' day.
- Kristen, do you remember
falling last night?
- Oh, yeah, Kristen.
Has Satan left your body?
- You literally fell and were
arguing with us on the ground.
- Yeah.
- You didn't even stand back up
to continue your argument.
You just gave up...
- What's your name?
- I'm Richard.
- Richard, Lala.
Nice to meet you.
Today is our final day
in Solvang,
and we are going to
a winery-slash-ranch.
- How are we doing, ladies?
all: Hi.
- Lala, seven?
- Don't tell me I don't know
how to give these bitches
a good time.
- This looks so good.
- Wowzer.
- I'm not going to drink.
Do you have, like,
a sparkling water?
- I don't have sparkling water.
We have flat water, but I got
some Pellegrino sodas in there
if you want me
to get one of those.
- Ooh, I would love that.
- Want some ice?
- Yes, please.
- Yeah, I got you, Lala.
- I am in Solvang
on a girls' trip
not drinking wine
because Randall thinks
when I drink,
it's just
a horrible combination.
Can I smell it again?
Ooh, this one's good.
This is not easy for me
to not drink.
It's pure torture.
- You're not drinking,
Brittany?
- No, thank you, I'm sorry.
- All right.
- But I will take a water
if you have some.
- I can bring you some water.
- Thank you so much.
- Last night, I got so sick.
I was, like, waking up
every hour to go throw up.
- All of the sudden
I just heard her, like--
- I know. I felt so bad
that you had to hear it.
- I felt like your,
like, esophagus
was gonna
come out of your mouth.
- After, I'm gonna
talk to a doctor.
I want to maybe,
like, get some, like,
tests to see if I am,
like, allergic to something.
- You might have
an agave allergy,
and you drink a lot of tequila.
- No.
What if I can't drink anymore?
Did you talk to Beau?
Do you feel like we were, like,
bitches, or do you feel we--
- We're not bitches.
- Well, 'cause they were, like,
trying to be sweet and,
like, call us and be like,
"Just to let you guys know
there's girls here.
We feel uncomfortable,
blah, blah, blah."
and me and Stassi were like,
"No!"
- No, they should
be doing that.
They have girls over. They're
supposed to act that way.
- I 100% believe
everything that--
- They said, for sure.
- Everybody was saying.
It--yes, I know.
For realsies,
Beau handled that perfectly.
He didn't have to call me
and tell me.
The old me would have been
really freaking mad.
See?
Progress.
- Now that I'm,
like, looking back,
that's why I was like,
"Were we mean to them?"
- I'm probably, like,
not the best influence.
- Look at where we're at.
This is so pretty.
- It's so pretty.
- They have cornhole.
- Oh, my God.
- Sports.
- I suck at it, but I'll play.
- I have cornhole on my deck.
- I love cornhole. We play it
all the time. Let's go.
- Is everybody coming?
- Let's do it.
- I will stay and drink wine
and chillsies.
- I'll stay and drink wine
with you.
- Come, come.
- This is so pretty.
- Thank you so much.
- You're very welcome, ladies.
- Thanks so much.
I really appreciate it.
- Which wine is that?
- It's the first one we had.
- Yeah.
I don't know how to say it.
- You've seemed
way more normal today.
- I just--
James went away for so long.
- Kristen,
I don't think it's about--
but I know--but you tell
all of us, not just me,
the things that you're sad
about, about your relationship.
- And so are we were talking
about the--me and Carter,
or are we talking about
why I was upset last night,
'cause they're
different things.
- It's bigger than that.
- If you want to talk about me
and Carter, I will tell you
exactly what
is going on with us,
and how it's not great.
all: Oh!
- I think that we're dancing
around the whole ----ing issue
and the fact that you do--
you do all the work
in the relationship, and it's
the same pattern of, like--
- Yes, it is.
Every single ----ing morning--
when he's screaming 'cause he's
not a ----ing morning person,
and he doesn't want
to walk the dogs,
and I'm a bitch, and I'm this.
- But Kristen, you don't need
to be screamed at every day.
- No sh--.
- And I learned now
that you don't actually have
to be screamed at ever.
Like, you don't. Like,
you can be in a relationship
where somebody just loves you
and wants to be around you
and is happy all the time
to be around you
and lifts you up
and supports you
and doesn't demand that
you pay for everything,
doesn't demand that
you take care of everything.
There's a relationship
out there for you
that you deserve.
Behind Kristen's crazy nature
is one of the most
wonderful people I've ever met,
and I just feel like
she deserves to be
with somebody who appreciates
that about her
and gives her that love back.
I feel like Kristen doesn't
feel like she's lovable,
and that really
breaks my heart.
It is so hard for me
to watch this
because I was
in that relationship,
and I learned that
the hard way.
- I agree with you.
It's hard.
It's sad. It's sh---y.
It's just, like,
I feel the need to defend it
because it's not sh---y
all the time.
Like, I just want things
to be good again.
It's like I have a teenage son
playing video games
in my basement sometimes,
and I don't think
Carter's trying hard enough
because he knows he has
a bed to sleep in at night
and an apartment
to wake up in in the morning
and a girlfriend
who's gonna take care of him.
- You should wake up and
have someone be so excited
to be around you.
I'm excited to be around you.
- I'm sorry that I don't want
to have sex with you.
Otherwise, then that
would make things--
- Not even on a girls' trip?
- Coming up...
I have got a top mixologist.
If something doesn't fly,
then Sly will tell you.
- I'm telling you right now,
if our drinks don't end up
on the menu, dude,
I don't know
if I can be a partner.
- ♪ Oh-oh, oh ♪
♪ Anything's possible ♪
- I don't like those flowers
like that.
Pull those dead leaves
off there and--
so you don't see the
bottom of the vase.
Sante.
- Hey, what's up?
- Hey.
- How you doing?
Good to see you.
- Hi.
- Good to see you too.
- When I walk
into this building,
it's, like, a pinch-me moment.
I still am a little beside
myself seeing my name on it.
I love it. I don't think
I'll ever get used to it.
- So, I have got somebody
that I met at the
Aspen Food and Wine Festival.
I met her
a couple of times, Sly,
and she's a top mixologist.
I've asked her to come over
and give us her advice.
She is fantastic.
We don't often
bring in a mixologist
for the restaurants
that we've opened,
but TomTom is gonna be
very different to Pump,
to Sur, to Villa Blanca,
because it's gonna be really
focused on the cocktails.
I sent Sly
your cocktail recipes already.
She's gonna look at everything
that you've brought forward.
She's gonna look at visuals.
She's gonna look at cost,
but if something doesn't fly,
then Sly will tell you.
Let's refine this cocktail list
to be the best it can be,
and if she says,
"Oh, this is a load of crap,"
or something, we toss it out.
- I'm sure
she's really talented,
but we've dedicated
months and months
to just our cocktail menu.
Schwartz and I have $100,000
invested in this bar.
We've spent months
working on these cocktails.
At what point does Tom and Tom
get to contribute to TomTom?
I just want to make sure
that she is gonna, like,
give the same amount of time
and effort and everything I--
- But you're not a mixologist,
so she is going to show you
about cross-utilization,
about ingredients that,
you know,
are gonna work
in many different cocktails,
and she's gonna
put it all together.
As I always say,
I know everything
until somebody knows it
better than me, okay?
And then I defer to them.
- Of course.
- She's up there.
She's amazing, and you'll see.
You'll learn something
from her, trust me.
- Yeah, of course.
- We can all make a cocktail
that might cost $30 to make
and take half an hour,
but that's not what
the business is about.
It's about making it
cost-effective, time-effective,
and also about
make it bloody delicious.
I'll see you at Sur
in a couple of days, okay?
- Okay.
- Because we want to be
the best in Los Angeles.
- Yes, yes.
- Are we all on the
same page with that?
- There you go, ladies.
Welcome to Bella Cavalli.
- Oh, my God.
There's baby horses!
- Hi, ladies.
- Hi.
- So we gonna do
some horse riding?
- It'll just be the two of us.
- All right, that's all right.
- You got this, Lala.
- I got this.
- Left hand on that horn.
Left foot in, swing over.
- My horse is way too big
for me to try to do that...
- I haven't been on
a horse in years.
- So Lala,
let's do a couple circles.
- Just to be on an animal
that is that beautiful,
and you can feel it breathing,
and you're kind of just
trusting each other.
- Reach across
with the one hand,
whatever direction
you're going.
- Like this?
- Now just use your
outside and pull back...
- So is that a boy or a girl?
- I don't know.
- Cluck, cluck...
There you go.
Very good.
Nice.
- There's, like, an area
where it looks like
something would come out of it.
- Kristen, stop checking out
the horse's dick.
- Good job.
- I think we should go back
to the shaded non-sh-- area...
Pun intended.
- To be on an animal that size
who feels every emotion
you feel and you just
have to be calm in order
for the horse to stay calm,
it was just, like, good.
- Great, that's great.
How are you doing?
- I don't know, dude.
Like, I'm in a big funk
right now,
and I feel like
it's getting worse, you know?
Like, it's just getting
more real, but it's, like,
getting to this point,
and this sounds so morbid,
but it's like,
my dad is just a memory...
I just miss him a lot.
I've really retreated
from everybody, including Rand.
I've just, like--
because I don't--
it's, like, such a heavy thing.
I'm just, like,
mad that this happened.
- Of course, but I think
Randall understands that.
- He does.
I'm just--Stassi,
I'm just--I love him
so much, Rand.
Randall's doing an amazing job
of just taking care of me
and letting me
be extremely volatile.
I know that
it's not easy for him
because I am so up and down.
I just can't stand
the thought of my dad
not being at my wedding,
seeing me have babies,
all of that,
and my mom pulled me aside
and was like,
"I just want to talk to you,
and, like,
"hopefully
this brings you peace.
"Like, he did call dad
and asked him
if he could have you
and take care of you,"
and I was like,
and there it is.
-  You're
really lucky that you had that,
that you have that
and you know that.
- Yeah...
Stassi, I just feel like
my world just crumbled.
I'm just really
----ed up right now.
- I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
- Coming up...
- Before I started therapy,
you said,
"I want to see
something tangible."
- Yeah, but keep searching.
- What's that mean?
What is--okay, so how many?
- I'm not definitely saying
you're ever coming back to Sur.
- What are you guys drinking?
Vodka on the rocks?
- No, I'm not drinking.
I'll have an Arnold Palmer.
- Beer.
- Yeah.
- I don't want alcohol.
No alcohol.
- Dude, we're still on staycay.
Come on.
- I know. I know.
but it's--
drinking's over for me now.
- I love drinking,
but I'm hitting a wall.
- I can't drink, Tom.
I can't.
- Just sit--let it sit in
front of you. It's all right.
You don't need to drink it.
- Okay.
- So I was thinking
we could work on some cocktails
a little bit tomorrow
at TomTom.
Like, we'll bring--
- Let's just bring everything.
- Hey, do you guys have
drinks on the menu?
- We got to wait till Saturday.
They have a--they have Sly
coming in. Sly is a mixologist.
- You're gonna
make drinks with him?
- Her.
- Oh, I--she's gonna
design the menu?
- No, we're gonna
work together.
It's a collaborative effort.
- Yeah,
it's a collaborative effort...
- So 95% her, 5% you?
- It doesn't matter.
We want what's best
for the bar.
- I'm just curious. What if--
like, if you don't get a drink
on the menu, what have you
brought to TomTom?
- Dude.
- Just asking.
- Hold on. Hold on. Let's--
- My heart and soul.
- Listen, listen.
- Which is invaluable,
my heart and ----ing soul.
- Hold on. Hold on.
- It's a slap in the face
to Tom and Tom.
The one thing that they could
contribute was drinks
because they're good
at making them,
and then you go ahead
and say, "Well, yeah,
"you're great at what you do,
but I'm gonna go ahead
and hire somebody else."
What would make you really mad
going into tomorrow's meeting?
Like, what would
really upset you?
- I could tell you,
if they're like,
"Oh, that diamond ice crust,
like, no, it's too much time.
The smoked drink, oh,
no, that's too much time."
Lisa's like,
"We're gonna have the best
cocktails in West Hollywood,"
and I'm like, "Listen,
if you're gonna ----ing
"throw that sh-- out there,
"these are the things that
are happening right now.
"This isn't, like,
vodka, triple sec,
and ----ing, like,
fresh strawberry puree."
Like, no, no, no, that doesn't
--that doesn't fly anymore.
- Yeah.
- Dude,
I'm telling you right now,
she gave us a mission,
and we ----ing went for it.
If our drinks don't end up
on the menu, dude,
I don't know if
I can be a part of it.
- See, this is why
I was asking.
This is what--this is--
- I'm serious.
- This is what I've been
trying to ask.
- I've never really taken
a moment to think about
what I would do if Tom
actually backed out of TomTom.
I don't know.
Would Lisa still want
to move forward with just me?
Would I want to move forward
without Tom?
Because without Tom,
there's no TomTom,
and I don't want to go
forward with just Tom.
- These are the things that all
the top-notch bars are doing.
They're all doing this,
so we can't not do this.
- And I agree.
- ♪ I don't play
by the rules ♪
♪ I always make them up ♪
♪ Don't play by the rules ♪
♪ Yeah, I don't
play by the rules ♪
♪ I always make them,
I always make them ♪
- With your beer.
- Thank you.
- I love Stassi for wearing
PJs on the P.J.
She was born
for this lifestyle.
- I can't thank you now because
you've, like, damaged me,
and I'll never be able to have
a normal flying
experience ever again.
- Oh, my God.
- Hey.
- Yes.
- Guys, is it crowded tonight?
Because my brain is fried.
- Can I get, uh,
two Diet Cokes?
- Diet Coke.
- Yo, I'm, like,
kind of slap-happy
because I'm that tired
that I'm--like,
everything is making me
giggle...
- I don't feel terrible.
I know I'm exhausted.
I've had two vodka Red Bulls.
Being back at Sur after
stepping off a private jet
is definitely very humbling.
- Well, I don't know how I'm,
like, standing right now.
- I'm like, what is life?
- Hi, guys. How are you?
How are you? I'm James.
- Equality California.
- Hi. Happy to be here.
Thank you.
Thank you for having me.
- I heard you're gonna
be DJing tonight.
- Yes, yes, we're gonna
have a lot of fun.
Pump used to be
my stomping ground.
I DJed every weekend
for nearly two years.
I'm gonna get
set up over there.
Lisa giving me the opportunity
to DJ this event--
it's a pretty good sign.
- Could we all show
Ms. Billie Lee
the respect that she deserves?
I think she's a great asset
to this organization
because she's speaking
from her personal experience.